hello Eldorado Paulista back Ribeira São Paulo Thursday 7 pm come on
a ball President knew right Here André Mendonça our Minister of Justice
and Public Safety created in the vessel of God is
the neighbor who didn’t give good things to the Valley, he has a president
of a military man said and I found out later is that I chose that he was here
from the Miracatu region to another Miracatu region São Paulo Ribeiro we are going to arrest
here to my left here he does not innovate one wanted to thank here the president
of the quadrangular of the quadrangular in Brazil company is already the manga of
Oliveira was my colleague Deputy lume ago 30 Toninho is obliged by Selena
of the house where our pounds interpreter will stay a while two do with Rose and
close here that I go competition right
who's starting here on this trip André privilege President you went
recognized there in there in Piraí Tapiraí pariquera-açu and now Eldorado is the mother and
my wife are not born in Pariquera I spoke for the super there the only
hospital in the region at the time, right or was born from Midwife or and there to Pariquera to
my mother was born with seven children, you know, and the world is a mixer flower and the last one
Vânia went without anyone saying 'here I think the singer did it
I said I would be back Armando la Valle is today because we don’t have
Miracatu maternity hospital you can see my brother Renato and the captain
of the army who see cooked catches no more the plague goat for him
the penalty is the deputy and the correct one in the poem the camera and I criticized a construction of
My corpse cult he day plantation of Ecuador Look at the banana look and Shirley
do not have a border with Brazil so I took it through the Panama Canal to the port
from Santos like some from Júlia and the 10 thousand kilometers later a banana
Ecuador to walk 10,000 km to arrive in a competitive way or even more
get to CEAGESP Thanks for trying at the concierge here let me deliver the
phytosanitary control is exercised by the country of yet another control was theirs not
was burnt minded 35 is spraying a year in Brazil here in
traffic here she calls just that my doubt helps me spraying i'm
sending here cheaper we solve protection faces even energy on the table
agriculture that could not eat the banana with the plane
and today between a plane and a person with the machine on his back, contaminate more
pilot or directly in the lavender pay well as we go she Pastor
Ricardo went with the pain in active and now great maximum bag to come
2014League doing Dilma was the phytosanitary control it's okay Come on
recognize what kills her animal that wants to kill her
animal has something for that there for me here that I go Maybe already take or
take a watch there then I'll take a deal then you say what is the
we can take it here, that means boy, what is this, but it was mine
childhood the people who were didn’t have much soda is
let me know when you leave the Ministry 2016
now how am I going to date steady grosenick and the soda left a little bit of
glucose you take from the scratch card here in Vale do Ribeira what a scratch card
red currant smoothie with shaved ice you went to the beach ice cream she was more expensive in
It’s true that she took Cepilho on her son that day, then you guys, the wood
right, there was the Pedrão de
see if she touched ice cream Wow here I saw the reality there
60 meadows and she run here pig is not popsicle it was something other world yet
a blow more than that of better-off countries, you know, I bought a little popsicle
oe Enjoying here the busy here a farm here under the torpor to look
down here you see when i'm not going to ask to go there doing here it took
to see how much I was here, souvenir, eight, nine, ten years old, the days in
square and sometimes you would go there near the ice cream shop to pick a wooden toothpick at
what it was had an iron stamp and you could get the popsicle
ice cream popsicle water and milk we only spoke with water that was Matin now good
Ah how good it is already punishable by a quick thing here even to be Brazil was
for Augusto Nunes Zé Maria and use avoid commenting on something to do
question and André obviously that our
Minister lazy and few are missing I think the extension of sick pay or
by the end of the year it's solved, but at heart it was created to be paid
in three times of 6 years it falls when ours by decree by bank plus two and so
you economy would be Brazilian economy, right, it's like, it's another contribution, he
for you, here are the savings, if I am a big presence and the measure
need to pay right with all the leaders no one at that time pro
Rodrigo Maia called to see the people also from the Cerrado bed was like a
agreement we set the value 300reais he ordering a Provisional Measure to
the congress you are not mistaken or you provisional measure the remedy he is a
start right video without problem some I think we can send people who lost
job I went we have can go after I already said
the last two problems ahead of me there is gender and unemployment that me
to treat with the same responsibility and at the same time many people thought that
love and the positive of staying at home close the world Down happened with a lot of lost
their job the informal ones are so were the first hard hit and we are
now she is looking for a life that is more and more alive and that she will normally see the
the cream portion of an emergency aid 65 million people were
hit with vegetable fiber 65 million direct boy almost 50 thousand a month I don't
is money that is your wife or regional was like you for you have to be
well no but if you have to ok
and then with interest and I wanted it to be all percent
nobody was ever happening in Brazil was marked with a pen
complement with responsibility and each point presented in the Partnership that and
pre 60 70 million interest that you pay per year for has a fat still of
approximately 140 million I together keep falling
and it's silly I can't do that I don't interfere it logically ours a
people will fight for what he is happy there I hope man next time
caught right In about 30 days Roberto Campos has done a great job
you need to know his grandfather federal deputy with me i hope it works out there
hence the free small Small Business is also possible special heck that
to avoid dismissal for pains one stop paying for the trip could see the
reduction of wages at work in the federal government that pay November and
slip also has to have a point that I don't know the finger we roll debts
status We also think of the loss of states that the ICMS forecast also of
municipalities present a loss of ISS that together do not
the coach today I by the Supreme Court then our father's
going out mana what's happening now here has a curiosity worth it
some lines are for him to this train here hydroxychloroquine so more than
Parecis AM the foot of the University of Pisa Italy
and it was published in the European medical journal saying that thirty percent of motorcycles
once using in return around here could be cured why that only has
that tar linking this happiness is then what happens there I a campaign
some hands intent on tracking the team to the pellucid forehead you have
things here i am not a doctor so what i did i like to chase after
things so much puts Fidel here warns the North American that he started to study
As we can call, we have to talk at the ready station there is a
possibility hi how are you
is too much presidency stomping the biggest a possibility we know we hadn't
scientific proof but that in a way the calf Qual a Previdência the averages and
so i started talking about it here and i start treatment new example
loves General and how General has to be among the people sells healthy
was just and I always said that it is active the losses checks at home for
boring the curve don't want to see that you won't get the goal was that you
get it later along Detran hit spread the milk that's it and with and
with respirators do you remember Prime Minister us who became the
Globo's marketer is fixing up I haven't checked yet
it is because angry what the marketer says to tell you stay at home
when you are missing there you go capital So that they would be troubled to be intubated
Vacuum cleaner president So let's buy the respirator quickly paying the bill 30
even buy 200 thousand, you didn't know what's going on there, he doesn't see you
leg that is making changes silver guys put unfortunate President because
stolen the health of the people and the Education of the People should be expelled from life you then
unfortunately we have had cases that the federal police have verified that
represent the logical acquisitions have to have responsibility everyone has
within it for DP the defense within the process now there is evidence of
public authorities the crisis where people and thousands of
people can die are dying and you make it an opportunity to
make dirty money and we can't have more in Brazil so
the Federal Police has Total Independence it works together with the
Prosecutors, these operations are authorized by the judiciary, many of the
times by the Superior Court of Justice according to the level of authority that is
involved and what we can say for our society for our people is the
following President we have no commitment we have no commitment to
them and corruption based on the three determinations of the Lord and
our commitments to the people also the federal police will not agree with
misconduct so if you want to do the wrong thing
and on our part the Federal Police will be attentive will act and in the most
quick and logical series doing it with all responsibility André combats the
Corruption Ah ok, I won't go into detail here
Everyone knows how We choose 23 months now it helps to
avoiding the condition of President the best way to fight corruption is to prevent
and how do I prevent doing principles of good governance
and how good public governance in the world is done by choosing people for
merit for the ability to life in a hurry with commitment to the people with
ability to respond to criticisms to correct errors and to act in a
honest proof and this plan say what you want we are a year and eight
months of government we don't have a step of systemic corruption within the government
President Jair Bolsonaro's government has been an example of combating corruption at
federal police acted like we never have since we took on President we have
active Federal victim We have seen a Federal Highway Police active
we have seen cooperation with the Public Security bodies of the United States
have the numbers here to say May weight that those by the Ministry We have seen
records at the Federal Police Record at the Federal Highway Police records at the
your joint with the security organs of the States If I want I speak a
little TIM number stop by here to take a short break here
there is also something who is André the minister Captain Wagner who is the
Captain Wagner Wilson at the price of CG the beans what is
closed union's controllership-general controls all public administration
of the popularity of the public transparency contracts of the Transparency of the
anti-corruption integrity it has programs there is no clue what it is
an entertaining program there that is done with real time Artificial Intelligence and
according to what a public agent is doing, anywhere in Brazil appears
one thing say let's see you here do not enter this do not have so much time to
you are for So who is there Captain Wagner that the captain of the army did
Black Needles Academy tendered for ever needs Army Captain
is being made academic and this stuff used in bed sitting
best average in the history of the Instituto Militar de Engenharia Capitão Tarcísio a
I wasn’t the budget looking Look just answer Joice nothing the size of
Brazil we do miracles we are also putting all the bacteria and
when he sells old doors for his engineering, that money goes to BNDS
for example BNDS in an update of this work of the taxi of the
converter with anyone in the center with me obviously a lot with them the money
how did i remember atlântica company is worth here take a look here ok
here on the Minas Gerais route is one and we have a stretch of the Silva railway
the money goes to the DDS, right, and the leleto then studies, does everything, does the study of
that we want in office to want I exclude a stretch of the subway there in Belo
Horizonte that connects that fat is Barreiro and we here problems
we agreed something there could not go to the treasury go there to the BNDS and we have
sure we can we have a very good chance of completing a short time
this step of the Belo Horizonte subway. Congratulations fast is quality of
person you get ours even what you get from running the previous ones to
comparison so said a series of transportation in the past that still future
here was the focus of corruption and completely changed look at the ports of
When Brazil put the distance it was a party fight today Tarciso set up a
secretariat within the ministry to prevent corruption has to delegate
of the federal police PF PGS da be has there are people from the recipe has military and
some that I thought were lifeless and Too Late in government when there were people
here there was no commitment there you didn't even care today he was even in the military
too much up to and opposition together five months to break the record is also just the
start President does not stay in the color of clothes I went there to enjoy a holiday 15
days I stayed two days second day I was already crazy Let's go with hers arrives
in her color Hi press we are problem i will not enter
in detail I called Tarcísio Tarcísio there ok to anyone here as it is
which is know everybody is here some problem do not allow everybody
then she is putting an omelet to command
and what will be accommodated Okay it will mess with the port if it were the general if
it could be it could even work but the most appropriate is humiliating is seeing
right in the colleague it's working there is no political sponsorship
practically right And our government doesn’t even exist We’re doing our best
now repeat here metro is Bom Retiro there is a problem there I called Paulo
large PG the forró wants to exchange and the tachographs
taking the bus Vans trucks right the 12 million tachograph and then millions
home school only 1980 who paid the bill I contributed worker does not contribute
everyone the owner of the truck the owner of the company and erase more would tell you on
end of the line right would be another shot behind him I said to rent PG
have to change your cell phone is the director is this PG is everyone is
we imploded in this exchange everyone who just knows it has been another take 3
kilos did not say something curiosity machine to complete that it will
give vaccine here quick game saw the staff is demanding right presence part
of the company is not part of the Pingo Doce operation so much that the Zé Maria lunch says
what you have left you always had an exempt position regarding this and objective
also have no alternative take this And you where you can die I only have
that type of medicine, right? that possibility takes it, it needs a
scientific background forgot that TV has a newspaper of Death all and 86 of
night right newspaper of Death TV that mouth there now
I’m in the legal process, your answer is that TV you seek to remove then
here demanding scientific proof of antenna education there at the foot didn’t want
but nowadays many people support that the vaccine is even applied
with this Dilma in the law is not written before the law that exists is in effect
okay the law says that teams can be adopted they may not be saying that
populated this is the taking such a such a measure But come on and now Manda
there was only one project coming from the bed I vetoed a part of that project there
I used to talk there about the measures you can use.
license price so let's talk about what measures medicines produced
there the United States Japan and the European Union and China So what do you get in the project
approved what to get here had a maximum of 72 hours here
released I went in life because I had some in life talk to me saw
she's operating at the bar again at Intermédica, right, it's at Anvisa to see her see
here some talk to me i talked and then and then she causes them again on
ready look to make a party enter there And then how does it get there
I couldn’t take the country test you guys in 72 hours will deliberate that I see it’s
that progress has a moment nowadays it has to welcome to distribute and
order to pick up in 72 hours I will not go down there that we have here
despite being produced in those countries of the block of countries right United States Japan
and European Union and China emphasis we have to ask certain questions you know
questioning after all right but we cannot be responsible for a vaccine
here there is no scientific proof right There is conformation in your relatives
of these of these in this one and of the countries but I don’t have here in Brazil
that to see deep down they are responsible go to put into the body of a
the vaccine because when I said, right, no one can force anyone to take the vaccine
vaccine the role no one can force him in the afternoon
so yeah but the project this was taken down the
I also veto yes 72 hours I did I have not released deliberate is I think
what approval fact excuse nothing that i put Juninho is on my side of
soil square so it's for training comes to a project feeding the bed and
call me on Whats messing up the house I don't remember here present here look there
there is a project in the House they are obliged to take the vaccine If you don't get a vaccine if
don't wear a mask it's a chain there's no use for a project like this one is the skin
398 in the middle issued the PDT deputy I will not say anything no PDT deputy three
I can't stand time
good then prison sentence for those who wear a mask she fine right I see your love
remember It’s left over inside it’s an awareness campaign you see that
is a very doctor saying that this mass protects bulhufas bulhufas is another I do
here you have it b ****** not going black but who wears old mask
Brazilian B ****** cannot be arrested but those who are not wearing a mask will go home
use that more than 30 thousand was real so you kill someone you will not
arrested until police cannot now enter the kingdom's community at all
units of one hour call that every deal certainly didn’t scream screamed
the turn back cannot enter today is behind the wheel top shut up
and here they will believe you brand can hold this project is approved to
difficult to be approved later if it arrives in my life I'm going
try I will try this I talk about stealing the wind Look at Pumbaa it's getting
Remember that girl I told you how easy it is to dictatorship Brazil that
video there having sun that weighs the 29 bad words I had a reserved session
I didn't use it here to stay free so fast I didn't say anything
people arresting running in the sand in a bikini the undergrowth there and other
women learning here in the city on the cake and I didn’t say anything and the
Supreme itself a decision that recently had nothing to do with a pandemic
speaking of the conditions for you to use Gemma it was almost impossible to use and
the policeman here maybe not Gilmar if someone who's sorry for
him one thing but I had no people is a teenager swimming who was arrested
ladies in a square alone thrown on the floor for and handcuffed there really was the
abuses and we have to know how to identify and differentiate the good
citizen the Crepe Band and yes we have to have the Rigor of the law the good citizen But we have
that preventing educating and guiding has something to do I am not the owner of
truth I don't even want to see what goes through me for my cart is ideal O
parliament has an obligation and responsibility to perfect projects
better now we have an interference in my understand center interference
judiciary or quite strong is from this collection
and why and I was elected to do certain things
that I lose you wrap me up only the Supreme is now analyzing an action
a political party on the 200 notes already by the constitution that
component there send me to our central bank in case it doesn't have to be
in love have to catch who goes this next process soon i will stay
taking the time for supreme people after Parkour to disturb people from the Bank
Central and now I can say it’s not for I couldn’t, because the wheel does the
cats can get cane It will facilitate corruption to fit more money in the
underwear wash people she who puts down penalty she makes money that on paper day
so the payment by card the virtual payment we keep quiet
because I was seeing a run on the bank now, this collection is already practically
your personality hit we did a consultation on the fabric
I'm in the square with which we did this, some criticized maned wolf Only this one is right
there tidying up forever and this was already prepared along the Guará
oh hello logically if we had more time maybe we will start a new one
screen family only my time as a kid personalities is Pedro Alves Cabral Dom
Pedro is so important that they made history in Brazil sir, sell a lot
welcome to the lot of getting out to the top already up to fight who has
money at home for example is a new cell the guy will have to see himself there if
you have free of that resource provided everything even at home is also
the maneuver here near pounds brushcutter and tired didn’t change enter here and leave
comes in Cristiane Márcia Márcia Max the woman's ass goes heavy screwed her
stay married woman you know that the animal catches you
can miss her husband right Cristiane da Silva can the bug catch hahaha she
also by evangelical coincidence is from the Baptist Church here is one here from
Eldorado then is that genre Thanks there and thanks to the Baptist Church of another
side small church like that little things there 301
is from the Baptist Church accompany us on this trip or Pastor Josué Valandro is in
white man comes face to face José as for that one
for sale Casa Matinhos talk about saying something
liking the trip, I can see that the people seem like a minute, we will
need a moment people are understanding that Branco Neves Maria seek
rich spindles are poor Brazilians have to pray between writer
dry when the government he had the courage of 11 ministers of competence
already more seen in the history of the Nation i am very happy president to see the people
believing that they will tax, they will turn the tide and you who could for your
different wanted to make you an invitation forget that you thought this nation is without
God long God bless candle holder God above everything and everyone something there
of Sesi Senai and then we go since we are a
the region of a Federal Highway Police post which is very common
you will see your Federal Highway Police agenda and Registry working
I had a problem registration was solved the hair knows what
it happened is I talked to André talking to a page who is the director general
of pf he quickly solved a problem that happened at the PRF post
registration and we will say it is I think it will be there right To give a
stop will be free for an hour watching the police use the police
federal highway is feeling the problems they may have I
I know the clay you must not be aware of there I think it is the director-general
from the pf he traced the shapes a same question of radars that starch she ends up
with the radar of Brazil that I get a mobile no longer exists Federal super
Of course I will talk Do you want to talk has
who was late here has a problem Take it, you can talk, give me a teaspoon
router stays here it keeps talking about the time there so we have a new standard
for the application of fixed radars that really will not have radar
tree now wanted to end you happened that is you have justice see
you really have to have 1,800 radars in Brazil so I’ve already hit the color News
Tarciso he has already raised with geographic coordinates I did better
acquaintances you will make the air that if we publish it’s left of the geography of
all to give their place where they will keep out of that relationship if it is
television is wrong we are going to take a family State Highway then I can't
nothing is planned, maybe it has already happened The Senate voted
the project moves the national traffic cosmo the Initial proposal my era
so that the driver's license appears for ten years then 65dw in bed
of a stir remains ten years but until 50 years of the nobody can accuse
that would be in question because she 65 already have 66 times does not give André here
the son harm me now calling 50 with 50 in the hair 46 47 I will do 40
is here is getting lost hair is
and it's an advantage that he's going bald, his hair is going to be wet, right?
among other things you still the end of the stirring we play active
and those clinics that do medical exams, right, our project abolishes here in
you could make the doctors your gift I have a son with yours
father a friend and among other facilitations is how it competed itself Observe the
future another if you ended up with an obligation was that thief simulators
Help me out there dude ended up with simulators, the price dropped and more or less 300 more
you also that the medical examination also falls approximately 280 pesos to
driver's license which is a lot of cars in Brazil but that's okay what we
able to approve this year is welcome as the case may be it can only
represent any other similar project 11 following it presents itself
project a following that makes it easier you will get your wallet and more
cockroach It's hard to wash your number ok
the job is five years in the United States it's easier you study do your
proof goes to the bureaucracy is still very big do not have week by week
in Caldas Novas we’re showing photovoltaics and that I talked about here
at the moment, it’s too late, forget about technology, research the minister
but he was an exceptional guy but he lacks the resources He makes a possible
but we have some already exists in Brazil He has been talking to identities in
opt even dental fine to have the super battery of 9 Dracena and where what
what happens to this one because different super batteries here you have today in
day there if God days and try to put a load all the time
the piece of niobium graphene you can be a load quite fast right now
a few minutes Imagine you speak at the health center reason will have a coffee the amount o
civil toilet College found here at home heart help she goes on the arm an all
back 1,400 km until I said to a deputy there that
and hers, right, the fusion is seeing a great love 15 Urban energy
photovoltaic here can be the power to drive the future to the car there a
carguinha and then control people we can have buildings with that something else
will be recharging cars the color electric energy
the PEC of the reform of people is ending, I can already see
using quickly talking a lot of [ __ ] first do not apply
Current servers may be going forward
and I will not go into details are the conversation now will analyze will alternate
going to extend to the other powers maybe the executive's boy being
reforms have been made on top of some active saying boxes will continue to be
Federal arrest the highway police Haggai Haggai he was the game there the most
diplomats diplomats is now just a military man for example if someone wants to
Military all things saving things saving we don't have the extra in the time of
guarantee doesn’t have a lot of things It’s true the stability the conversation in the
service not three so no one wants to compare anything no priest aches filled
much in Brazil to the mayor of the past more than doubled the number of
servers and points is another to pay I'm eating Federal that weighs more for
we are the server president there takes care of the civil servant the results are no less
everything worked out I can't congratulate you on the President's reform you how old the
ministry not reform administrative reform ceiling button here
one more one more one more here also goes at night I brought principles of
public governance Transparency New methodology for accessing reforms
administrative authorities in the world have always worked with a very strict criterion for
access to the public service and all this is foreseen in the administrative reform without
prejudice to the attractive rights of collective problems, let's play fast
here at the tip of Pingo Doce Facebook 22,000 our
to 128,000 so ours here I took to Jovem Pan News 10,573 fight giving a bath to us
raised agreement cut young here We will put more that is just to end
here, nothing ends in a little while back, young man, here we go, I don't have Augusto
Nunes Zé Maria uses Victor here you will fall in love with this journalism from
Jovem Pan focus of Brazil 12 thousand in Folha Politica four thousand in total is 128 thousand
more we know here that it exceeds 300 thousand people here watch this here has
seen other other blogs blogs interviews on my daughter questions
some idiots the first one here André you are
the Christ participation of the ministry heads this recent operation that took place
in Minas against Gold leaders who are members of the PCC, this operation was
conducted by the Federal Independence Police I can tell the
mega-operation perhaps the largest operation in the history of the federal police more than a thousand
police over 400 people arrested hear the biggest blow ever taken in Brazil from
combating organized crime is we have been working very intensely
with the federal police I would also like to thank the government and the president
in these budget cuts by preserved not all the values ​​of the Federal Police
of the Highway Police and so that for them to continue This
beautiful work they are doing now it's our responsibility to work
even more and better for you the Brazilian people I Congratulations to you the police
the Federal Highway Police a lot of time the action of the PRF but started with
an intelligence of the pf So these things so well matched
often there is work with the state police does with things
loving also praises that coughing is a border operations department
of Dourados Mato Grosso do Sul in the pre-campaign here aside your denying
2016/2017 and come as he did how to do to keep the drought right there is no Rio
not to be in Bela Vista on the apa river but a dry border is ready
practically that Paraguay's greatest record apprehension there of the police
Mato Grosso do Sul with support also from the Ministry of Justice
the air and how the costs of operating 33 tons of marijuana Congratulations to
Mato Grosso police officers have people here who have
And there are some groups here more here in the Southeast
tired marijuana abstinence worried about it don't need to have
Our memory is just an operation we did there with
federal police also along operation Paraguay we still had problem for three
rainy days but it’s not 600 I’m nervous of a very bad Military Police
from Mato Grosso congratulations to PM from Mato Grosso do Sul for this apprehension in
hands sweat drugs okay it's for another one he
And then the difference between the Federal Supreme Court in the investigation and employees
also linked to groups called old and dedication as a dossier only
considers that denomination a victim obliged to say something is
and we have it or september now monday right worth more arm
ticket is okay but she can participate in the second world war
there we fought nazism and fascism our group here so we tell them there
our fight the present Nazism in the second world war now question already
to him replied I just don't see how interference I see as a decision
important is that it brought parameters that we consider adequate for the
intelligence activity she respected the attributions of the Ministry of Justice
as the central organ of the public security intelligence subsystem and
it will also allow us to do what we’d already like to do which is a
improvement of the intelligence area with the construction of the plan
and the National Public Security intelligence policy and Strategy of the
there in this process of improvement. Intelligence work that must be carried out as
Supreme Court recognized this for the sake of Inter and the State São Brazil has to
having intelligence has to have information the whole world does this because that Brazil
can't do to us we have that no one wants to snoop through life the way that
managed to get groups together and we know how to art in groups that we have to
working in that style you can see the whole world a lot not some countries right
who in the past is only concerned with the Amazon photographed with all of Brazil
we have a power we have you saw robust intelligence right To be able
working with this medium look, there is only one surgery ahead of it already sold to whom
will say 5g just me and go third nobody guessing
but not ok i will decide your cruise and deportivo Lara my head
just right I talk to friends and seeing Jessy I talk about the branch and the boss
da bem Conversation with Roland Alexandre Kel director-general of the federal police and
with more intelligence Brazil Urgent more experienced talks the government
American begins with several country entities, right, field 80, we have pro and
against is the same thing that I talked about the week the collection of the Amazon We are the
this week here another program, right, which is connected north I said man, right
also we have to return one more we have the project is already among the good that is
happening happening the question worth of lost the thread here arrived
the time has come that you have to be on your side here about the green collection is the
of the field energy program with photovoltaic plates
ae now with internet in the amazon so it is possible to deliver amazon but
it's not easy Amazon all to do anything at all so I think that even
on fire I don't know how to look to get there with a watering can and put the damper out
a spit on top of the dust until now will catch the Pantanal
from Mato Grosso do Sul had a fire problem but the Pantanal is an Ok Four
states of Brazil from here you take Rio de Janeiro Espírito Santo Sergipe Alagoas
there are more states how many Brazil does it give you to imagine how to erase
the fire and the temperature there reached 40 there is 42 ° there is a stone until combustion
spontaneous happens and it’s not easy to hit us all the time E
if we have to develop foreign capital and turn to countries that
are committed to democracy with drive freedom and who will react
while I go to us it’s not me and I’ve been fighting in this hour since 1991
it's pretty expensive you know that putting a radar on I was policing nothing from
I said UN Then I started to lipo some country chief and that's what they
wanted there talking to some we currently have 14 portion of noodles
with ground beef I wanted our government to arrive we were more cried
there are more reserves more quilombolas more boys there increasing national parks
from Brazil the planet we end up with our business, it’s not to be terrified
so wear shoes not what you buy at the supermarket economy was sad
we are also the country but the environment in this nobody delayed with our route through
sara all examination of us boy pays in this most hits what is left ok there are the staff
in the urban area and eighty percent position
the work now I’m going to do nothing and the owner himself because from here he preserves it
and with fire that gets there it is usually in the belt in the core it doesn’t catch fire
forest is a life I'm doing another campaign now that I'm playing
fire in the Amazon is only the scoundrels am aglow creature people here in Brazil
getting the provisional measure Nossa that spoke of
the land regulation data that you don’t even know about satellite, you have a
focus drawing you go there on that owner and know what's going on
many times that they are building a fire that cause them to talk to them until I go
talk to say great reason ok so it usually catches fire in the same place
Some are criminals catch fire and hurt we understand Okay but as a rule
local the jars operation the indigenous people if they do not do this type of agriculture
as he doesn’t say anything next year the result launched the program
the park is just you can be ready 32 Paty you are open the captain we are how many
kilos per hectare 10 10 times the parakeet even you can that treated you
Brazil you who were bigger there getting big out this one is making fun of him
there may not be a time with me, right Bota to break this personal power there
I can kill this Cancer largely called where there is in the Amazon
there in the hinterland there your guy from the northeastern party dying so we will
changing Brazil everything is fine Today we both ask
and you faster here I spent the staff talking bolsonaro good night Minister at
Mendonça start right I was wondering if it's not time for the Ministry of
Justice and the Ministry of Health to refute in that law passed there by the then
minister Sérgio moro And then Menezes on the wall that is Luiz Henrique mandetta is
criminalizing it off the streets in terms of a pandemic that you’re not in time to
revoke this new beginning of the film just good night thanks for the question is a
ordinance was actually because it has been revoked for like two or three months
ago that how we changed the normative instruction 131
and it’s from the end of the last government plus Wesley
Good arms day, right, it’s hot on the en13 we’ve completely changed and it’s very
easier or obeying the law did you get your your your possession of
firearm and so strong also in a technical and transparent way look there
and it was my last blue week the government has been the target of several attacks that
had a Minister of the Supreme Federal Court activate Minister Luís
Roberto Barroso saying that Brazil has a president who defends torture and
dictatorship Minister Edson fachin said that there is an authoritarian agenda in
Brazil's progress, the administrator Carmen Lúcia said that it will be difficult to fight
the pandemic as mismanagement we have I also had Gilmar Mendes
talking about a genocide involving the army that criticizing the Ministry of
Health finally statements like these have been repeated and came out of the mouths of Judges
of the country's supreme court wanted to know brought me to this is it possible to adopt
some kind of legal response against these statements this government is studying
do this catch Minister Good night were the presidents say that of our
part of the continuous and permanent work
precisely with actions and actions to show that we are on the right path
and the children will see the thread if you use it, then normal or vertebral life itself
respectfully I want this Clinic of people to point out an act
my an anti-democratic action just that stopped when i tried to sensor on
media Where did you seek social control of the video thing that governors
did and I speak absolutely nothing now imagine me talking about is percent
of this so I don't want controversy I want to change the pet of Brazil I want
help the suffering people there who are facing a crisis name unemployment
we know that the market is going up things we know that I started from Paulo
Guedes is the people started to have money, right, almost 50 billion a month in aid
emergency so I'm going to eat more and started to
the lack of the product knows the price I'm sure the computer rice farmers
rice is already paying more attention to that soon it returns to normal
because too much money in the square too much paper freezes Regeneration now let's see
I'm angry, I'm not going to go into details because I must know what I think
And as I received some kind of news, now we will continue to do the
our part we are focused there on the development in the resumption of the
growth and serve the population and seek a way in Brazil goes quickly
to get out of the crisis, right? He works with probably the Economic team
not only from Paulo Guedes of how the participation of all the others
Justice ministers ended bye I put it in three minutes in three minutes
Thanks Augusto Nunes Zé Maria vi uses the vertebral Pingo Doce I want to follow
the very end of you now here thank you think until next Thursday
if God wants one